hello so it's bill king
I'll do a little video tips
to have hardening again when the
papil code to 100 or even will be proud then
so you go console settings
must change dive put a super
smash bros he adds go out then you
go to other settings
date and time time and you go on 20
hours
then we go on the day
I already forget it will take a troll sastre
after his astra it's after that you
take a terrible who with the little
mistake to go faster and you
go smart she
the virgin and you go a big diamond
pink gold must that is why we have
put to inter because it starts to
turn I believe from 18 of 21
years of 20h and 21h to the same as before
you have there you put like this and
you take your at six months I had to
evolve tracy have hardened in endurance
and then you give yourself to your
strathyre full of great job
yes super good end until it is
at level 50
once at level 50 and baby you
the mood is so I hope this
little girl and tips you will have
more beaune you my chain does not wait for me
not to me at compass and fighting
super smash bros accounts in
their eyes as a result of pokemon fights
asean too much to all